what's up guys Daniel here without early
Apple and today I'm going to be showing
you some of my favorite games on offal
alright guys so we got a flick home run
here
it's a very addicting game and I've been
playing it for I don't know about a week
now and this is about the only game I
play it's a pretty simple game though
all you're doing is just trying to hit
the the best home run that you can hit
here and that was a right here's a just
a regular ball they have they switch up
the the balls they'll throw a fastball
then they'll that was almost a home run
don't throw a fastball then they'll
throw a curveball and a floater
it also has different steps as you can
see I'm on step three right here the
higher up and steps you go the more
balls it's going to have and the more
experience points you're going to get
and also you're going to unlock some
things that was a pretty good home run
right there
and that sucked alright I'm gonna show
you the store here you can buy different
uh powerup contact up and aisle and
here's some training training is
basically exactly what it says training
you can unlock the different balls to
try them out and increase your
proficiency at them this actually helps
out when you're trying to do better in
the game the next game we've got here is
amazing breaker amazing breaker is it
has different little I guess you call
them glass structures that you're just
trying to blow up with bombs and there
are also bombs embedded in some of the
glass structures and that's basically
the object of the game is to blow up the
entire glass structure
they also have a variety of different
little bombs
here's a different one right here breaks
into three parts which increases your
explosion
it's a pretty simple game but it's uh
once you start playing it you can't
hardly put it down
and on all of these you have to blow up
a certain percentage of the glass
structure to move on to the next level
it's usually around 90%
now right here it looks kind of easy but
it's once you get up into the higher
levels it gets harder all right here's a
different type of bomb and I think it
was called a ghost bomb and as you can
see right here on trying to control it
which is that that's what you're
supposed to do is you swipe in the
direction that you want it to go
all right so it has a number of
different stages with about 30 levels
per stage all right next is just an
absolutely awesome game you can almost
self in the beginning right here that
it's going to be awesome this game is
modern combat 3 the third one of the
series and it's very as you can see from
the intro right there the graphics are
amazing absolutely amazing and it's very
Call of Duty like and I'm gonna hush and
let you watch a little bit of the
gameplay
it's almost hard to believe that this is
on a cellphone these kind of graphics
are on the cell phone
it doesn't match a ps3 or an Xbox 360
before cellphone these are really really
good graphics and if you listen you can
I mean the production that they put into
this into this game is just I mean it's
it's unheard of really it has an option
to use your gyroscope whenever you're
controlling and I tried it out and I
would show you guys but it was just it's
terrible it seemed like a good idea but
it it just it's really hard to control
if you try to use the gyroscope alright
guys well that's modern combat 3
probably one of the best games out for
iPhone right now alright guys well
that's it hope you enjoyed the video
thanks for watching and don't forget to
subscribe like and favorite this video
see you guys in the next video